feat(curriculum): Build a Zoo Animal Scatterplot (#66379)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-build-a-zoo-animal-scatterplot/69bba2f81c07d5d804cc4399.md

---
id: 69bba2f81c07d5d804cc4399
title: Step 9
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-9
---

# --description--

In previous steps, you have created a responsive `svg` container, Now, you should draw red circle inside.

```js
const svg_circle = d3
  .select("body")
  .append("svg")
  .attr("width", '800px')
  .attr("height", '500px')
  .style("border", '2px solid black'); 

// appends a circle element at (cx,cy):(0,0) left-top position 
svg_circle
  .append("circle")
  .attr("cx", 0)   // cx goes Left to Right
  .attr("cy", 0)   // cy goes Top to Buttom
  .attr("r", 50)   // r is radius of the circle
  .style("fill", "red");

> ```

Reviewer: It doesn't look like this example is needed because campers should have practice appending elements and working with the `attr` and `style` since this is the 4th workshop.

Author: Hmm, It's kind of redundant, I'm removing it, 
Just need a clarification that by "4th workshop" are you meaning 4th step of this workshop?

But the how would camper know about "cx", "cy", "r" and "fill" attribute of style?

Reviewer: In the original issue, there is a screenshot of the course order for d3. Here it is down below

<img width="918" height="504" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/08741bca-9b28-41c3-8631-c128224e8ddd" />

When designing workshops or labs, you need to know what knowledge the camper already has otherwise your workshop will be out of place in the curriculum. 👍🏾 

Looking at the order, here are the final solutions for prior workshops

- [first workshop](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/CurriculumExpansion/pull/1136/changes#diff-5fb60209badfa09361d7e6b51c8497ddccc0deb50c91087a9691268adf6aa325)
- [second workshop](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/66172)
- [third workshop](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/CurriculumExpansion/pull/1136/changes#diff-5fb60209badfa09361d7e6b51c8497ddccc0deb50c91087a9691268adf6aa325)

At casual glance, it looks like fill has been covered multiple times earlier and use of `attr` but not specifically `"cx", "cy", "r"`.  

You can review the prior workshops, and decide if this is needed 👍🏾

Author: I've taken view of previous workshops, Now I'm removing extra information from this step and just keeping description on circle.

Now, you should append a `circle` element into the `svg`. If you use exactly same as above, you will see *1/4th* of a red circle, rest of the circle is outside of the circle.  

> Then you can play with different `(cx,cy)` center location to have clear understanding of co-ordinate system of `svg`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Append a `circle` element to the `svg`. 

Now you can play around with different `(cx,cy)` center locations to have a better understanding of the co-ordinate system for the `svg`.  
```

# --hints--

You should append `circle` element to the `svg`.

```js

> assert.match(code, /svg\s*\.append\(\s*"circle"\s*\)/);

Reviewer: this should allow for single or double quotes around the circle text

```

You should add center `(cx,cy)` to the circle.

```js

> assert.match(code, /\.attr\(\s*"cx"\s*,\s*\d+\s*\)\s*\.attr\(\s*"cy"\s*,\s*\d+\s*\)/);

Reviewer: this should allow for single or double quotes.

```

You should add radius `r` arrtibute to circle.

```js

> assert.match(code, /\.attr\(\s*"r"\s*,\s*\d+\s*\)/);

Reviewer: this should allow for single or double quotes.

```

You should add `fill` attribute to the circle.

```js

> assert.match(code, /\.style\(\s*"fill"\s*,[\s\S]*?\)/);

Reviewer: this should allow for single or double quotes.
